Add guides for Cypress Accessibility (#6053)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/accessibility/guides/local-development.mdx

---
title: Feedback during local development
sidebar_position: 50
---

# Feedback during local development

> Eventually, the Cypress App will support displaying accessibility feedback during local development. For now, the important thing to note is: you do _not_ need to push your changes and wait for your entire build process to complete.

Reviewer: I’m a bit cautious about saying what the product will eventually have in the docs. We’ve had some of these statements in the past sit around for years as priorities changed.

Author: Fair, removed.

The best solution is to record to Cypress Cloud from your local development machine. This allows you to run a small set of tests directly related to your changes and fully skip your build pipeline and CI processes. It can be run with a one line command:

```
npx cypress run --key <record_key> --record --spec "cypress/e2e/my-spec.cy.js"
```

> (You can skip the `--key` option by setting `CYPRESS_RECORD_KEY` as an environment variable. Learn more about recording in our [docs about recorded runs](/guides/cloud/recorded-runs)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(You can skip the `--key` option by setting `CYPRESS_RECORD_KEY` as an environment variable. Learn more about recording in our [docs about recorded runs](/cloud/features/recorded-runs)).
```

Moved content - fails to build if not corrected

> (You can skip the `--key` option by setting `CYPRESS_RECORD_KEY` as an environment variable. Learn more about recording in our [docs about recorded runs](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/cloud/recorded-runs)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(You can skip the `--key` option by setting `CYPRESS_RECORD_KEY` as an environment variable. Learn more about recording in our [docs about recorded runs](/guides/cloud/recorded-runs)).
```

This has 3 key benefits:

> - Accuracy \- you will see exactly what Cypress does with your new code changes, all config and software versions will match

Reviewer: I don’t understand this “all config and software versions will match” statement

Author: Updated to clarify this is about using your Cloud AQ configuration values and the Cloud's version of Axe Core to avoid any discrepancy in results that might be there if you tested locally using a browser extension or a plugin that was not aware of those things.

- Speed \- since the application is already built locally, while you are working on it, it is ready to test immediately without your build pipeline
- Scope \- you can run only the tests you need, which can make results even faster, and helps you exclude issues unrelated to the area you are working on

One other reason to get early feedback this way is to quickly know if, in fixing one accessibility problem, you’ve revealed or introduced another. Recording small runs locally is a big quality-of-life improvement when you are specifically looking for this kind of feedback.

> If you expect your team to do a lot of runs this way and that this would producing clutter in your main Cypress projects, you can set up a dedicated Cloud project for “locally generated” runs to keep things organized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you expect your team to do a lot of runs this way and that these partial results would clutter your Cypress project, you can set up a dedicated Cloud project for “locally generated” runs to keep things organized.
```
